doc: onboarding process extras (#34455)
nodejs/node: onboarding.md

* Run CI on the PR. Use the `node-test-pull-request` CI task.
* After two Collaborator approvals for the change and two Collaborator approvals
  for fast-tracking, land the PR.
* Leave a comment in the PR: `Please 👍 this comment to approve fast-tracking`.
* If there are not enough approvals within a reasonable time, consider the

>   single approval of the onboarding TSC member into account, and land the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  single approval of the onboarding TSC member sufficient, and land the PR.
```
